- [Instructor] The last module is going to focus
on building the order service in Java using gRPC.
Let's go ahead and execute the steps
to implement the order service.
The steps have been listed on your screen,
let's go through them one by one.
As I said earlier, the flow will be pretty much the same
that we've done in the user service.
There are a couple of steps which are a little different,
but we will see when we get there.
So the first step will be to write the order proto file
and generate the steps.
So let's go back to the IDE and under the proto folder,
I will add a new file.
Let's name this order.proto.
So this will start with defining the syntax of proto
that we want to use,
that will be proto3.
The next one will be the java_package.
So in order to make sure that we are consistent,
if you open the user.proto,
this is what we did for the user.
So for the order, we'll say "com.shopping.stubs.orders."
The next one will be to specify
the java_multiple_files Boolean value.
There's a typo that we have, let me delete that, yeah.
So that's what you have.
Up next, will be to define the service.
So we'll say service OrderService
and what will this have?
This is going to have a method
which will say getOrdersForUser,
which will take in an OrderRequest
and return an OrderResponse.
The next step will be to define the messages
which are the OrderRequest and the OrderResponse.
So I'm going to say message OrderRequest
that will contain just one field which is our user_id.
And let's also define the OrderResponse.
Now, when we talk about the OrderResponse,
this will be a list of orders.
So we will use this feature of proto
where we say it repeated Order.
So basically this will end up
giving us a collection in the generated steps,
which is basically an iterable.
So let's also define that Order message.
So on line 15,
I am going to first correct the error that we're getting,
we need to also tag this fee.
So this will be assigned the number one.
And on this line, we are basically trying to say,
that you want a collection of the order message types
inside the OrderResponse messaged type.
But this order is a custom message type
that I'm now defining from lines 18.
So let's go ahead and define that.
So this will contain the user_id
for whom we are retrieving the order.
It will also contain the order_id,
I'm going to start that too.
The order will also contain the number of items
that were included as a part of the order.
Then it can also have the amount.
So that will go as a double, total_amount of the order.
Please note that we have used a double type on line 22
in order to specify the total amount.
We used in 32 that will give us an integer type.
If you use int 64, that will give you a long
and double and float can give you the respective types.
Lastly, we need one more field in this order response
which is the order date.
Now there is no implicit type
that you can define quickly for the date,
but we have an option,
we can import a proto file from the Google proto
for this project for timestamps.
And this is how it looks like.
So if you want to import a proto file, you say import
and then you give the path of that proto file.
So I'm going to do that.
So that is google/protobuf/timestamp.proto.
This is how it looks like.
This'll get us hold of the timestamp type that we can use
to designate the order date.
So now let's come down and let's add that field.
So I'm going to say,
the type will be google.protobuf.timestamp
and the field name is the orderdate
and that will be the field number five
in the binary message.
So there we go.
We have imported the timestamp proto utility
from the Google proto office project on line two
and we have used the corresponding type on line 24
to define the order date.
So we have an order proto already,
the next step will be to generate the steps.
So I'm going to go to the Maven tab on my right-hand side,
and execute both of these goals, clean and install.
So once this field is completed,
we should be able to see all the stubs for the order service
generated inside the docket.
So now let's examine the target folder
and if you go under stubs,
now you also have the order folder
and all the respective classes that you wanted
for the order service.
So we have the proto in place
and we have the stubs in place,
time to go to the next video.